README.md, before:

# UncertaintyModel

This project models the evolution of social learning under environmental 
uncertainty.

## Model setup using DrWatson

This code base is using the Julia Language and [DrWatson](https://juliadynamics.github.io/DrWatson.jl/stable/)
to make a reproducible scientific project named
> UncertaintyModel

It is authored by mt-digital.

To (locally) reproduce this project, do the following:

0. Download this code base. Notice that raw data are typically not included in the
   git-history and may need to be downloaded independently.
1. Open a Julia console and do:
   ```
   julia> using Pkg
   julia> Pkg.add("DrWatson") # install globally, for using `quickactivate`
   julia> Pkg.activate("path/to/this/project")
   julia> Pkg.instantiate()
   ```

This will install all necessary packages for you to be able to run the scripts and
everything should work out of the box.


## Tests

Unit tests ensure the model is working properly and provide documentation of
the model API and functionality. To run the tests, run the test script from a
terminal:

```
julia src/test/test_model.jl
```

Commit message:

updated analysis for simplified/improved figures

README.md, after:

# UncMod: Model supporting _Different forms of uncertainty differently affect
the evolution of social learning_

It is a truism that social learning evolved to help individuals identify
beneficail behaviors in their environment when there is uncertainty. This is
often summarized as the _copy when uncertain_ strategy. Yet it is not clear
what forms of uncertainty are most important or how different forms of
uncertainty interact to affect the evolution of social learning. 

We developed this model to address this need for improved systematic
understanding of the relationship between varieties of uncertainty and the
evolution of social learning.


## Installation and setup.

To (locally) reproduce this project, do the following:

0. [Download](https://github.com/mt-digital/UncMod/archive/refs/heads/main.zip) 
or clone the repository (`git clone https://github.com/mt-digital/UncMod`)
1. Open a Julia console and do:
   ```
   julia> using Pkg
   julia> Pkg.add("DrWatson") # install globally, for using `quickactivate`
   julia> Pkg.activate("path/to/this/project")
   julia> Pkg.instantiate()
   ```

This will install all necessary packages for you to be able to run the scripts and
everything should work out of the box.


## Quickstart: run the model



## Advanced: run computational experiments on a Slurm cluster

For this project, we used the [Sherlock cluster at Stanford University]() to
run our simulations at scale. We considered 


## Tests

Unit tests ensure the model is working properly and provide documentation of
the model API and functionality. To run the tests, run the test script from a
terminal:

```
julia src/test/test_model.jl
```
